Today we are on the review is very interesting
a copy of such a shockproof case
from the company griffin very famous
a company called a sop war seems
so considered
shockproof case for ipad air
Let's start our review as I said earlier
Case from the company Griffin that is very
famous company that produces
very high quality covers and here for
the new ipad air she released here
here is a shockproof case which we
now open
produce and packing and see what
on presents so tick box
opens
as follows so here it is
I opened the stickers here
protrudes this way on the side he
pops out remains
so here so shorter we do not need yet
So here's what we see inside the 16 case
Made such a rubberized material
This component plastic such more
solid than plain plastic it means
stand cover consists I look here and
I open it for the first time with you
there is see that is present here
protective screen so this is a protective film
so how would it open this case see
here are membranes that close
holes
i.e. it is lightening this camcorder
headphones
this is a microphone hole
let's try to open it the same way
it opens and here is the top
removed it turns out to shoot this
top lidded protective screen then
there is this brochure advertising what we see
inside it means all plastic is protective
that is, it is so durable
here it is this material
something in the form of foam that is
soft construction just here he
inserted as framed here
too, well here it is clear that
protective all sorts of foam on the tab
there is that will not give a scratch
bumper tablets
that is, a tablet is inserted here
closes snaps
that is, such a cover is quite possible
to use
if you're somewhere on a sandy beach somewhere
use your potter
during work where can get
dust or moisture that is, or either cook
food that is to say that fat does not fly there
some crumbs
that is, it is so shockproof that is
cover even if it falls here
softened rubber sidewalls well one
word case for ipad air
quite such a thing I will say it again
that it is released by the griffin company
there is a logo here
letter g i.e. corporate logo
griffin case cover is quite famous
on apple gadget fans the same
covers are for the previous generation
ipad 2 3 4
and in my opinion if I am not mistaken the same
covers
Well, just a little smaller are made
for iPhone with case goes
Here is a stand that is hiding
in a real way that is like that
put forward set and she clings here
for this part of the cover or for this or for
opposite, that is, no role
plays
that is, here we put the cover
vertically or also possible
use this stand horizontally
that is, for printing, that is, either without
her
the case will be indispensable when traveling on
rest if you find yourself somewhere on the beach
This case will protect your tablet from sand
moisture and so on that is very very
A good option to protect your
tablet and so we had a cover on the review
rip thief from griffin for ipad
air
blue to all who liked it
video subscribe to my RSS feed stavte
likes and all good shopping for now